I held a front-side print, man, that is extremely unusual for me to have a mini-aggressive
relief booth.
I may do it on a rare occasion, but part of my gnarly, I am to their custom and that's
a front-side print, by now.
I claim that to sound.
If you look very much at the efforts of Mr. Adams, it's usually used by the release.
As indicative of his state of mind, the width of the moment is used to pull out your investigation
and continue your work at Fort Monmouth, particularly over the Army's efforts.
If you regard that as a serious effort on this part, to prevail upon the veto, it's
well absurd and the right to have any effect.
Not only as not only is judging the exact concept of the proposed festering, but in the light
of all that has gone on before.
Your conversation with the secretary and Mr. Adams and the conversations between Mr. Adams
particularly and Mr. Colman, in the light of all the other things he was saying, did
you regard that as a serious effort on this part of the secretary's counselor to get
you to continue your investigation at Fort Monmouth?
You and Army have a different definition of seriousness.
I would say not serious because I have paid no attention to it.
He certainly was trying very hard and nothing just honorable about it, I don't think.
He was trying very hard to get us to put in investigating the Army.
He always indicated when he would do that, that they would do the job as we were doing.
Senator, do you ever made the impurities upon Fort Monmouth?
I'm on there about October 1, 1953.
I think I met him up in Oregon during the Dewey Saffon-Tam-Can I believe.
At this time I met him sometime somewhere in the West at a minute.
I would ask you whether or not fire dogs over 19 or 20th and indeed all your see-a-case
you hear first meetings are in the early meetings between you and Mr. Adams.
He told me what his duty is worth.
This has been a sign to him by the secretary of the arts.
I don't think he told me Mr. Colman told me what Adams had told me.
What does Mr. Colman tell you that Mr. Adams has told him?
In a sense the most Adams was to be the contact man between the Committee on the Tanias.
Was there ever anything you said to me about whether or not it was one of the specifics
of Mr. Adams' assignment to some of my great people in the Department of Committee
and get you away from Fort Monmouth?
Not originally as we went along with Mr. Colman.
The recount was to me very much conversation that he had with Mr. Adams.
I think I can put Mr. Colman for a bit on this.
This was a good job for him.
We could make him look good if we would paper off these hearings and just some other investigations.
Tell me about it.
What happened on the 20th of October, Senator, when you did arrive at Momma?
Secretary Steven's and I went through the installation of the documents there.
Congressmen often swapped, I guess, up with the announcement.
And Senator, I want to note specifically what happened on that date with respect to this proposed
request release.
Well, when we walked in the effort on the part of these respect to Mr. Adams
to get you the quick forward moment that we needed for the Army.
Yes, but we got to do that.
One week in the end of the year, I found a fact of roughly expressed a full-time file
inside the table and we understand it has been made me rough.
Yes, it has been made me rough.
John suggested we hand him out the press at the end of the...
Did you think John had been gone out of it?
I told him that I would attempt to pay everything complimentary I could.
I would read over the press release and there were some things here about Steven's time
to a good job at the time that I was glad to say those things, but I couldn't
say we were calling off the press conference, but only once though that I would look silly
and I would look very silly.
I would hand out a million-graph release prepared by the military.
Before lunch, I was going into what my hands had done came in also.
I think Roy was there as I was told.
He urged me to issue the press release, I told him I just couldn't do it, and I suggest
it to him that they be destroyed because just some of them got on the hands of the press.
It became known that I had given to the release as the office of the fight for monthly
for the press representative.
Not during the lunch, but when they were not allowed in the five-week days to
regard it all again.
What did the press say to the press release?
Did you recall his words?
No, I couldn't recall his words except for the...
What extent was he insistent, Senator?
Mr. Donna, you can have failed when you're being such a thing.
He was... he tried to be convincing.
He told him he thought that the hearings had served their purpose, that they would proceed
now, that Washington had to learn it to be given orders.
He mentioned also that prior to our investigation demanding officers
should not suspend individuals to fight for communism, that has been changed, that they could
now, and suggest that if we not fall off the hearings, at least we take a 60 or 90-day
vacation, I forget that, he said, and let them draw about it.
There was nothing vicious at all, and it was just the attempt to convince the
hearings to not be convinced.
Between October 20th and November 13th, the day of the second day is really...
Were there any of them start conversations, some of them are that you know about,
the year of your own knowledge, or those other conversations with members of the staff.
But with him and us today, it's the end of the day.
October 20th is Port Mama, November 13th is the date of the actual date of the 60th
practically.
The age of 723 days.
Yes, there was a meeting on November 6th.
That's the meeting at the Pentagon, as we understand.
That's the only thing that I can think of now, and on November 13th, there was the...
November 6th, Senator, now I believe we fully explored the events to that occasion.
Have we not?
I think we have.
This time you say that a suggestion has made me both disagree with Mr. Adams.
That's some investigation being made of the Navy and the Air Force.
Senator, before we leave now, I think...
I'm perhaps just telling you this, Mr. Jenkins.
People, I think you explain the monitor's phone calls.
I told the secretary that we would not call off any investigation where we knew communists were in existence.
I told him we were keeping fully informed of Mr. Adams, giving him coffee to the front desk.
I did tell him that, by telling that we were of that time,
conducting a very intense investigation of communists in the defense plants
that we can better that of great importance.
I told him that I could be no objection if he thought it would take the spotlight off him and off the Army
that we would hold the hearings concurrently because we were all put to hold hearings on defense plants anyway.
And that seems to me to have his approval, he thought that by...
And I think somebody mentioned that the Navy was really, really good.
The Secretary, the Secretary, Adam, were both, both, both, my gatherer.
What does this investigation have to do with you when you made that to get to you?
Or that case?
I couldn't recall the exact words, but they seem to feel that next to calling off the hearings
that would help to take the spotlight off them.
One of them, I think it was Mr. Adams who mentioned that the Navy,
he thought was responsible for security in some of the defense plants that were going into.
At that time, Mr. Cohen asked Mr. Cohen to give a complete rundown of the propos hearings the evidence we had.
He did that again after Matt Ritzway, Mr. Chuitt.
And General Bush, and General Mudgeck, General Mudgeck, he went to the room.
Roy again gave a rundown of what we had.
And I may say, Mr. Duncan Dutt, I mean, no question about this.
I emphasize very, very clearly to Mr. Adams and Mr. Stevenson,
that it would be a waste of time for them to ask us to call off any hearing of communist.
I told him and I recall my language.
I said that I campaigned against members of the Office of Party because I felt they fight for things during proper and their party.
And I said, that is an effect what you're asking me to do now, and I just can't do it.
I won't do it, but the waste of time is a scuttle.
I wasn't in much discussion after that.
Was that statement you have just related meetings, applicants, the basic questions that you write to the persons in different countries during the Army?
Are you in the Navy or are you calling?
They didn't suggest I'd wrap it from Brussels and it's a conflant.
I informed them about that hearing and told them that the hearing was wrong, that the goal,
and that it would not, in any way, damage either hearing if we held the hearing concurrently,
and that might take the spotlight off Steven's and the Army, and they indicated that as long as they could not just be hearing of the coming of the Army called off,
that was out of fact, and that's indicated by the monitored phone call.
You'll notice the next morning when I called Mr. Steven's, but were you satisfied with the arrangement we worked out just for the five or somethings out of fact?
As soon as you say that, a bad meeting is suggest he was made, as he rises in Navy and the Air Force.
Is that right?
That is correct.
Did you recall either you are a member of your staff stating that you had no evidence of communists or subverses?
In either of those two parties of the military, Mr. Corn made that statement.
In consequence of Mr. Corn's statement, that they had no evidence of communists or subverses in the Navy or Air Force,
what has anything to do with the six-day Army Saddam State?
Again, don't expect me to remember the exact language, but something to the effect that if there was infiltration in the Army,
there certainly was in the other branches, and I think Adam said to you there was a lot of search in the Navy also.
You recall whether or not you were a very tall.
I am not sure about this.
I recall, I think he said something about giving Roy information about certain naval instruments.
I didn't recall definitely the statement that if there was infiltration in the Army,
in the other branches, and I think there was much search there as in the Army,
we could not come to the Federal Army.
As I say, Roy told them that we had nothing but a justified investigation
besides the long, weary, mon-many investigators to get an investigation of the point of public hearing.
I said to her, I excuse this fine to tell the members of this testimony about a certain press release
teaching for the security of the Army on November 13th.
It was not a press release, it was a press conference.
In that conference, while I came to looking for a blame,
the interpretation was that he said that there was no espionage at Fort Mamma.
When in Wade, did you first learn of that type of ability, said no espionage at Fort Mamma?
I believe it is a New York, I picked up one of the New York papers.
What happened is the result of that first conference, in which he immediately spoke to such days saying that there was no current espionage at Fort Mamma.
I think he said there was no espionage, no espionage at Fort Mamma.
My chief counsel told me that he thinks I was not in New York,
that I was up some way from New England for the Boston.
But we're not doing a speech of a man.
Very well.
Of a banger's man, I'd like to say.
Now as we understand the cemetery, the issue, so that's the holding of that press conference,
I started a change of events in motion.
That might be relevant to the issues of this controversy.
And I want you to tell what occurred.
I wouldn't say that's the thing that he's saying of his death.
But half of Mr. Dillon's been moved to New York.
He told me that he had been holding his press conference under at least a 265 press of brass.
He said that if you read the entire transcript of the press conference,
all the press of the mantras, that it was not the computer to pack upon the committee.
But he said that certain press members were picked out of context,
and he felt an unfair picture of the conference was created.
He said that the...
And I can recall he's lying with him.
He said that of course, when they asked me for their number,
if that's been our report, the month, if I said yes,
so the next person was me, well, why don't you have the Attorney General's prosecutor?
He said, I know what the situation is up there.
I know what the danger situation is up there.
I haven't following it.
We went over to the merchant's father, I believe, and had run.
After that Mr. Dillon made a statement of the press in substance that was what he meant to play was that the Army had developed no evidence of...
And I think you had the words, that's been odd.
I think for the committee, on what or not, it hasn't developed.
Is that the November 17th, lunch in New York Senator?
That was the November 17th, yes.
Well, it did the Secretary's case, certainly to some extent,
the context of the two press releases or conferences.
Well, Mr. Duncan's story was saying, I think the Secretary tried to face the impeachment both times.
He's even minding what the Secretary of the Army is.
A new man, not used to watching the press for a fun, not used to watching the politics, not aware of the fact, I think, that certain for a fun would try and needle him into a safe, un-precipiting truth.
As a fight between the Secretary of the Army and the MacriZay Committee, because up to that point we're having perfect cooperation.
I don't think it was the case of him.
Changing what he meant to play, the stories of the period were different yet.
And up to that time, was the relation between you and the Secretary of the Army and the Sad and the Spethans?
Very pleasant.
Where did you go from New York on November 17th?
Fort Cornwall.
Fort Cornwall. Fort Six. Fort Six. Fort Six.
I bleed by flame.
By flame.
Who was in that party?
Senator?
Let's see, there was the Secretary. There was Mr. Adam, I believe.
There was Mr. Cohn. Mr. Charles.
I was alone.
I was in the court doing Juliana.
Mr. Cohn, what time was it?
The demo was not long.
I think that's all.
Did you recall whether or not the shine was the air for you when that plane landed?
He was.
As soon as you tell the members of this touchamiri what you know about a photograph being taken on that occasion,
in which photograph?
The specter, the shine?
I believe they Colonel Bradley.
Am I right about that?
Yes.
Perhaps the Maria.
What do you know about that photograph?
Certainly. I do think it was such a photograph taken.
The thing that impressed me was that the landing officer held a post-well in photograph to be taken.
And who was the commanding officer?
I don't think so.
I asked who was pulling the coast of the country to the commanding officer.
Bradley, I believe, was the commanding officer of the area but wasn't Bradley a helicopter.
They shine of course, because they're in a private, in the Army and the State of the Fort Decks.
I didn't mean inducted on the third day of November.
Let me give you the back on this Saturday afternoon.
I've got a couple of foot along these panes and the Colonel wasn't an only foot.
All right, now in any event as I say, I was sort of impressed.
Not impressed, I was immune to find the Colonel holding a private foot that isn't the way we did things in the Marine Corps.
The Secretary was in a hurry.
There were photographers there and the Secretary said James is going over here.
I'm not sure what they called Bradley overall, so we're not aware what Bradley was standing there.
And the picture was taken.
And the picture was taken. I believe there are a number of pictures taken.
They pulled for a number of pictures.
And the Secretary was kind enough to let us have these planes come back to Washington.
Or go to New York next.
I think we're going to Boston. We're hearing next morning and he's okay.
More planes like to watch.
Did you see this photograph taken from it?
Yeah. You say the Secretary of the Army said today, shine.
Today, it's come over here.
It's something that affects you the day from over here.
The day that I want a picture or a camear day or something like that.
And exactly the photograph was taken.
Yeah, the way they pulled it was beside the point.
And the pictures were taken. There were a number of them taken.
Where there are a number of other people there.
And it's you besides the members of your party who had flown down in that plane.
General Ryan was there. There were over half a dozen or a dozen enlisted men.
There was another Colonel.
I think there were several officers. There was a captain who my met.
They made a little press on me. I know.
I met a number of officers at the time.
You know why this 60-case single day shine out on them.
They have been affected a bit.
They have come over here.
Yes. How are they taking you to that photograph?
I want the photograph to be taken.
Oh, no. What's up?
I think the Secretary of the Good Manatured in the Vagoon.
And perhaps only they have still good. I don't know.
To put an event for a pilot, you know,
you've got to be taken between the commanding officer of the entire area
on the structure of the army.
And I know they have considered to push me down.
That is their Wendy G. Hoe, your first open gerry.
On the...
How communist is the Burthings of Fort Mapa?
Again, I've got to consult my notes. You got the exact date.
Does November...
I see whether or not it's November 24th.
November...
November 24th, right.
Where were those things, Hale?
Uh, uh, man, I make it clear, uh, Mr. Duncan,
that we held hearings on the signal for the point of number 24
and Fort Monmouth is merely a part of the thing.
They were.
But did you have an open gerry on November 24th?
On November 24th, we had an open hearing on Fort Monmouth.
Where was that Hale?
That was Hale in New York City.
You look all whether or not Mr. Adams was present
at that open gerry.
I am reasonably certain he was.
He called whether or not the security of the army was present.
No, the secretary was not present at that time.
I think Mr. Adams came in the afternoon,
general Washington, as I recall, was present.
Then there I want you to fill,
remember, the Committee of Weller or Not, Mr. Adams,
on that date, and at that place,
I did accommodations with you with respect to General Loppon.
And any plans, particularly,
that the secretary of the army had made with you with respect to General Loppon.
So we took my date straight again when you do the hold hearings every day
and it's right to me that they would happen on November 24th in New York.
Is that the date of the law?
What did you want?
Man, it's a fact that you and Loppon first had a time.
That would be confirmed.
While the second is going on, I'm up to turn to our studio to cut the call.
Loppon, that's the time.
This was the meeting about a week after Loppon, that's the time.
Oh, yeah.
Loppon, that's why I'm not sober now.
I'm just trying to get my date straight here, Mr. Jenkins.
This is a date to my council tell us when we wrote the Green Wild custom on either the custom
and the taken down of the federal kind of entry at Louisburg.
I know that I'm on that date.
Mr. Adams discussed in considerable detail the possibility of relieving General Loppon.
Now, I said as a matter of fact, he's a member of the committee,
regard that as a very important event.
And I'm going to ask him in surprise, you possibly can, to relate in detail.
What does that conversation was, and particularly what Mr. Adams said about the relieving of General Loppon?
And why such a plan had been formulated?
Mr. Adams told me there were thinking of relieving him.
The reason he gave was not for the extra operative of the committee, he didn't give us that reason.
He told us that Mr. Loppon had told some of the officers, I don't think he was set up a staff meeting that most of the
communists that were digging out came from certain universities.
I pointed out to Mr. Adams, I thought that was rather funny,
that he didn't relieve an awful service because he pointed out the shoe background of communists.
But what did you think?
I got to know that I told him that they were leaving him because he was cooperating with us.
Because he was cooperating with you at the least.
That's right. What was Mr. Adams' reply at all?
I want the full conversation to the conversation to get it, we can possibly get it.
He didn't either. He said that I'm nothing to do with it.
He's got the first time that he's been a Mr. Adams, that there was a script.
General Loppon with you?
I used to find relieving him of his command was concerned.
I believe on me.
I think that was the first time...
Yes, my name is Mr. President, that was the first time.
What do you think you said on the occasion of particularly the Inspector General Loppon's tenure?
That was about all of the...
One or no huts to use my reaction to be if Loppon were removed since a different post.
Do you know why they were asking you what your reaction would be if General Loppon were removed from his post?
I think they knew me very strongly that there should not be any reprisal taken against any witnesses who testified before our committee.
What had been General Loppon's attitude up to that time?
And subsequent I have to with respect to cooperating with your committee in the bigot of subverting our coming years in the Army.
Originally, I think the first script, the investigators made support from onward.
He refused to give them very much information.
Then Secretary Steven's call, General Loppon, why?
On unordered apparently.
When General or Secretary Steven's call, and that time onwards, Loppon's cooperation was full from complete 100%.
Senator, you say that's about all as far as you can recall with Mr. Adam, said on 24th of November.
Unless you weather in not on the 25th of November, Mr. Adam calls you long distance from Washington with respect to General Loppon.
I don't think he told me long distance.
I believe Mr. Adam was in New York at that time.
He called me, again, don't time me down to date, but I think it was the 25th.
He called, regard to Loppon.
The conversation was essentially the same.
What did he say in that telephone call, Senator?
Well, again, just about what he said the day before, that they felt they had to remove Loppon.
That it was affecting the morale he said because Loppon had made these statements about becoming,
outcoming from certain universities, and wanting to know what I would do, if they did not have to break law.
Well, certainly he certainly had nothing to do with a promotion or demotion of Senator Loppon.
Now personally, I think that he didn't get a promotion because he worked with the committee.
Did he, in fact, fail to get a promotion?
That's right.
Did you see the senator that certain repiles who were being taken against the general on account of his cooperation with your committee without trust?
Did you talk to Mr. Adam?
I did.
Did you ever talk to the secretary on this subject that we're now disprepping?
I talked to the secretary about this.
Over in the Carol arms, at one time I don't recall the day.
I've been here for a fortestified and it has, here to for, been put in the records that General Loppon was not promoted,
and not given a permanent rank.
That's right, he was passed over.
And failing to get a permanent rank as we understand it, an officer, failed in the army some two three years later,
then those ones who have given a permanent rank.